Smart city Project


Andrew is planning to visit Brisbane city for the first time and he contacted one of his
friends Susan, a software vendor, who lives in Brisbane to recommend places to visit.
Susan realized that there is no centralized system she could direct Andrew to gather
information on parks, museums, restaurants etc. in Brisbane city.
She thought of developing a web based system which stores information about
Brisbane city. She knew one of the IFB299 teaching team member who asked her to
put her system requirements in writing.
The following is a brief description of these requirements. The IFB299 teaching team
wishes your team to develop a system meeting these requirements. The product
owner(s) of your team are allowed to add/update/delete these requirements so that it
improves the functionality of the system overall.
Susan thinks that the system should cater three types of users; tourists, students,
businessman. When a user logs in, they can view primarily relevant information based
on their user type as described later on. Each type of user is also allowed to view
information related to other user types but only temporarily while remaining logged in
the system in his/her current session.
Any new user who is visiting the web system should be able to create a user account
(student, tourist and businessman.) An existing user should be able to log into the
system via a username and password.
Anyone should be able to visit the web based system by navigating through their
browsers. The welcome page should provide facilities to create new user accounts
with types that of student, tourist or businessman.
There is also a fourth type of user namely an administrator. An administrator user
account is a special account. Therefore, an administrator user account can be created
using a separate web page.
Each new user must provide his/her name, a unique username, and a password to
create an account in the system. The system should also be capable of storing
additional user information such as phone number, email address and residential
address if a user wish to provide those details at the time of user registration.
The functionalities required in the system based on each user type is as below.
Administrator
An administrator user account can be created by another administrator only. Initially,
Susan will be the only administrator.
The administrator role is responsible for creating/modifying all the data for the city.
Data for colleges, industries, libraries and hotels is separate from city information.
City information consists of data for parks, zoos, museums, malls, restaurants and city
map.
An administrator should be able to create following information in the system.
• Colleges: college name, address, departments and email address
• Libraries: library name, address, phone number and email address
• Industries: industry name, address, industry type and email address
• Hotels: hotel name, address, phone and email address
• Parks: park name, address, phone and email address
• Zoos: zoo name, address, phone and email address
• Museums: museum name, address, phone and email address
• Restaurants: restaurant name, address, phone and email address
• Malls: mall name, address, phone and email address
An administrator should also be able to upload a map of the city to the system.
Tourist
When a tourist logs into the system, he should be able to view hotels and city
information.
Student
When a student logs into the system, he should be able to view colleges, libraries and
city information.
Businessman
When a businessman logs into the system, he should be able to view hotels, industries
and city information.
Other Requirements
System should also be able to provide similar information about other Australian
cities such as Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth, Canberra, Hobart, Darwin etc.
It is also required that your team design the system in a way that it can be extended in
the future to cater more requirements such as adding information on city bus services,
metro rail, government offices, courier services, travel services, education services,
health services, business services etc.
